salt almost ask me potatoes the
swell and tomatoes for the first
try I pushed the potato up to the
whey then what to know about the
patator is that the first shot is
always the most powerful him who has
enough oxygen and waters of the year
and the others are going to be a lot less
powerful than the first
seen that it'll be shielded from co2 and or
then put a fan either gun
the gun entrance or where you go
to put the failure we will do the cure and
with his sail at me ask you can
put a unicorn that makes kebabs
it's going to be complicated that atrax asks me
to flint a nintendo 3ds a keyboard
computer
a fire truck that a tomato
with the tomato it was shit because
that the cork he was there here and
PLC
she was dragging to the more tomato
a little tomato was like that
cobalt is rotten i was hurting but the the
tomato in the cannon now we're going
get down to business
in any case it is now
weird the keyboard it's nothing that laughs
more there it clears
and when I'm going to put it
look there one distinguishes very clearly
his white shorts here is his arm and there
we see that he is holding an object perhaps
a monitor or clap I do not know
yes where the camera not seen that the plan is
in diving the cameraman and inevitably
standing back and forth like that you
see it well no
yes it's very clear
we pull it and it bothers
here
it is what c
wow that more sword on you wow same
to shoot bat evans guys even
crossed the battle begins to make
night I will stop with the big I
will go to the little one I'll clear his
death
first test with the carrot 3 2 1
oulala to her did not go through and juice
of carrots at the end
and still a big hole ignition
electric broke he fell by
earth there are full wires that are removed
at the same time I did it wrong yeah
I'm going to stop there a gi joe